Hello everyone and welcome to this project and this project.
Again it's a similar project that we were going to build called the paper fortunetellers okay.
It's kind of you know like a fun game used by a by kids that we hear.
We're going to select an ask mainly the or the the player to enter or give us one of four colours.
So he was selected are mainly yellow green blue and red.
And once the user feeds in the colour you can ask him to see the number which is you know ranging from
one to eight and then based on that combination then I'm going to tell them Okay what's your fortune
going to look like.
Let's say the president of the US we're going to be like a millionaire or whatever.
Okay.
Then you can build kind of you know a fun game of actually building your game yourself.
You can do it in python.
Again this code is pretty simple.
It's a fun game.
And again in future prises are going to have way more complex and practical projects moving forward.
So again that's the paper people fortune teller.
So here we have the code for it so let's walk you through it.
So first we're going to import random.
OK.
And then the next step is going to ask the user or a journal you know having that kind of a welcome
message to the user.
So I'm going to show you what do you mean by ncvs first.
But here we're going to print.
Welcome to the fortunetellers.
So just what kind of a player for example.
And then we're going to say okay what are the rules for the game.
OK.
So going to print you select the colour and the number.
And I would tell you what the future holds for you.
Again you can write whatever welcome message you want.
All right so let me actually skip that part in press B to create a new cell.
So what we're going to do here is I'm going to run there that will get you okay.
Welcome to the fortune teller who led the column.
No.
And I will tell you what the future future will hold for you.
The next step is we're going to simply create a while loop because we wanted to ask the user if we wanted
to play several times or not.
OK so we're going create a while you put one let's set it to wave to as we have done before you you
ask it kind of you know check on a condition and say Okay why answers equals two yes.
So as long as the users say yes which means I want to play more.
We're going to keep looping through the game.
Once the user feeds whatever value nor whatever value they're going to exit basically there's game.
OK.
All right.
So first again as I mentioned when you ask the user to enter a scholar first and then followed by a
number from 1 8.
So first we're going to ask the user prompt the user input the colour which is again very simple.
We had that before.
So colour equals to input select the colour.
Then we actually gave them the options.
Yellow green blue and red.
And then once the user inputs the colour.
Okay the colour is yellow or green.
Then we actually have within the actual design of the game.
If if the column is within one of these two columns the number.
Okay which is again going to be 1 to 5 or 6.
These are the numbers under the colours.
So when the user select these two columns one of these two colours.
That's why we have the column is yellow or the column is creep.
Then we're going to ask all of the user to actually input our number which ranges from yes from 1 to
8.
But here once the user inputs the collared yellow and green then we then the number were going to be
that 1 to 5 or 6.
We actually from the use of the input not any number from one to eight.
Actually no.
1 to 5 or 6.
OK.
And they're not going to simply put we're going to implement that if condition can go through all of
these numbers.
Okay.
If the number is 1 8 1 everyone.
Okay they're going to be the you know the fortune telling.
Part of it.
The number is equal to one.
I'm going to say okay print you know like what are there what are your future career.
Don't worry I will one hundred percent get you what you would get one hundred percent get what you want.
Just be patient else.
If the number equates to 2 you would become a millionaire at the age of let's say 35.
OK.
If number is equal to five you will have a great family with let's say 10 kids and so on.
And that's you know kind of you know how you build your fortune teller.
All right.
And then if if the number is six you would become famous.
They will all love you so whole year as you can see.
These are the options that we have.
So again what's the use that feeds in the column which is going to be yellow or green.
OK.
We're going to have again kind of a nested nest if conditions.
You know we have a first condition that tells you okay what colour did you select.
If they are you know green.
We're going to go there if they are blue or red.
We're going to go there with them.
These two we're going to select based on the number that the use going to be empty.
That's why there is a kind of nested those two if conditions within each other.
Okay.
All right.
What if the user input you know any of the numbers the oil if you're if you have one to five or six
of those inputs let's say Whatever for.
So he's going to say okay print only numbers 1 2 5 but the only numbers allowed.
That's kind of you know to prompt the user input numbers within the actual options that we have.
OK.
So that would be our first if condition are in the next if condition if the college was selected.
The other two collars which is red or blue.
So else if if our collar equals to blue all of a column equals two red.
We're going to have again use it user input a number that number has to be between three four seven
or eight.
The rest of the numbers that we have here.
So again I'm going to ask the user input select the number again and there will be again an integer
value and then going to feel it is a number.
And then we're going to check the numbers again.
That's our IF condition within the big or major condition.
Simply put we have a condition for our collars Now if condition for our numbers.
So we have no equals 2 3.
They are going to have to live a happy life 100 years if no equal for six for a doctor one day.
Number seven you know number eight and so on and then else the last else he had for our condition.
Sorry for our condition.
Huge mistake.
Numbers out of the 478 numbers that came out.
Okay.
And then what is the use of actually feeding collars to start with.
So here we have again we have a condition.
The big one Okay you're selecting the number of yellow green coloured yellow green or here of the number
in our column is blue or red then were here if the colours are whatever it is in puts you know any colour
that's not in the list.
Okay no else print.
These are the ones that are.
Orange.
And then you're going to probably use it if you want to play again or not use it.
So why we stand for yes.
Are going to keep looping.
If not we're going to say no and that's it.
All right.
So let's try it.
Let's see what was the fallenness.
OK.
So let's run it let's stand here.
Say OK select the colours.
Yellow green blue or red.
So going to say OK I'm going to select red assuming obviously there are no.
Here are the options.
Then go and as you look at the numbers and say okay select number 7 then yawkey all your dreams will
come true.
Just be patient.
OK.
That's just one word fortune.
So let's take a look and see actually if we if that makes sense for us.
So first we select dread.
So that means we skip that portion.
We actually came here and then we're going to select the number we're going to be seven.
They'll be my number here seven.
And all of is true.
Just be patient meta sense.
And then we come down here we ask the user Okay do we need to insert another number or not only keep
playing or not.
And that's way that's why you need to answer.
Okay.
Yes.
And since you say okay select the column again because here the answer is yes you we came here the wireless
to keep going.
Let's insert for example blue number eight.
And with that you're lucky you would have it all in one day.
So there will be eight.
You're lucky in having all one dick.
When I play again that's a yes.
Let's assume that have you know like a user who doesn't follow the instructions.
All right.
So let's us do you want to select the colours.
I'm going to say okay the column is whatever vial it for whatever whatever collocated.
Okay.
These are the only cause that allowed you know.
So basically you went into the sport which is in the in the insert into the collar.
That's not in the in the list.
You want to play again.
That's a yes.
Let's select the colours yellow green blue or red or green to say okay let's see is green.
Let's assume the numbers that are allowed only 1 2 5 and 6.
So the user selected let's say three okay.
These are the only numbers allowed.
Do you want to play again or not.
Would simply put here you insist on a number that's not one of the options.
Right.
So again the code is pretty intact.
Persay which means that you can you know to be the user if the user inputs input any value is not within
the options.
You know the game doesn't crash anything's actually and still say it works or say no.
Then say okay again you broke the loop here and you're done because you insert insert white on it.
Okay that's pretty much what I have for the section.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next part.